feat(otel/proc/k8sattr): sync default configs for `k8sattributesprocessor` to upstream (#6513)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/otelcol.processor.k8sattributes.md

The `exclude` block configures which pods to exclude from the processor.

> > **Note**: Pods with name `jaeger-agent` and `jaeger-collector` are excluded by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
Pods with the name `jaeger-agent` or `jaeger-collector` are excluded by default.
{{< /admonition >}}
```

Reviewer: I don't see this suggestion applied.  Notes should not be formatted as a block quote. They are not correctly styled in the generated web page unless we use the `admonition` shortcode.
